When Michael Jordan played for the Chicago Bulls, how many NBA Championships did he win? -Answer: Six
Which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles? -Answer: Serena
What country won the very first FIFA World Cup in 1930? -Answer: Uruguay
In what year was the first ever Wimbledon Championship held? -Answer: 1877
How many soccer players should each team have on the field at the start of each match? -Answer: 11
What year was the very first model of the iPhone released? - Answer: 2007
What’s the shortcut for the “copy” function on most computers? -Answer: Ctrl c
What does “HTTP” stand for? -Answer: Hypertext transfer protocol
What is often seen as the smallest unit of memory? -Answer: Kilobyte
Which email service is owned by Microsoft? -Answer: Hotmail
Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox and Explorer are different types of what? -Answer: Web browsers
Is Java a type of OS? -Answer: No
Who is often called the father of the computer? -Answer: Charles babbage
What was Twitter’s original name? -Answer: Twttr
What is meteorology the study of? -Answer: The weather
Which planet is the hottest in the solar system? -Answer: Venus
What part of the atom has no electric charge? -Answer: Neutron
Which natural disaster is measured with a Richter scale? -Answer: Earthquakes
What is the symbol for potassium? -Answer: K
What animals are pearls found in? -Answer: Oysters
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize (in 1903)? -Answer: Marie curie
Which planet has the most gravity? -Answer: Jupiter
How many molecules of oxygen does ozone have? -Answer: 3
Who is often credited with creating the world’s first car? -Answer: Karl benz
Which animal can be seen on the Porsche logo? -Answer: Horse
Which company owns Bugatti, Lamborghini. Audi, Porsche and Ducati? -Answer: Volkswagen
Which auto brand was the first to offer seat belts? -Answer: Nash Motors
How many parts (screws and bolts included) does the average car have? -Answer: 30, 000
In what year was the Corvette introduced? -Answer: 1953
Which country produces the most coffee in the world? -Answer: Brazil

